README.md, before:

# OAuth flow for an IWA

A demo showing one way to execute an [OAuth](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749)
flow from an [Isolated Web Apps](https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps/)

## Requirements

- Chrome or ChromeOS v122 or greater

## Installation

The example application can be run locally either via Dev Mode Proxy or by
creating a signed bundle.
Full instructions for both approaches can be found in the [IWA Kitchen Sink](https://github.com/chromeos/iwa-sink) project.

You will need to access your Identity Provider (IDP) to register the application
 and retrieve your Client ID and Client Secret.

## Usage

After launching the app, fill the form fields with your IdP endpoints and the app registration information, then click the `OAuth flow` button.
The app will open a new browser tab to complete the authentication, and will
then populate the token fields with the values received from the IdP.

## Disclaimer

This is not an officially supported Google product, and the code in this repository
is provided as a head start for developers that intend to implement their own
approach to OAuth flows.

Commit message:

Updated the README to explicitly mention future updates.

README.md, after:

# OAuth flow for an IWA

A demo showing one way to execute an [OAuth](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749)
flow from an [Isolated Web Apps](https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps/)

## Requirements

- Chrome or ChromeOS v122 or greater

## Installation

The example application can be run locally either via Dev Mode Proxy or by
creating a signed bundle.
Full instructions for both approaches can be found in the [IWA Kitchen Sink](https://github.com/chromeos/iwa-sink) project.

You will need to access your Identity Provider (IDP) to register the application
 and retrieve your Client ID and Client Secret.

## Usage

After launching the app, fill the form fields with your IdP endpoints and the app registration information, then click the `OAuth flow` button.
The app will open a new browser tab to complete the authentication, and will
then populate the token fields with the values received from the IdP.

## Disclaimer

This is not an officially supported Google product, and the code in this repository
is provided as is as a head start for developers that intend to implement their own
approach to OAuth flows.

This implementation is based on the features currently available to IWAs, and will be updated
when any new developments of the IWA infrastructure are launched.
